# Log Parsing

Welcome to the Log Parsing repository! This repository contains solutions and explanations for the Log Parsing problem, a common task encountered in software engineering for analyzing and extracting information from log files.

## Table of Contents
- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Problem Statement](#problem-statement)
- [Solution Approach](#solution-approach)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction
Log Parsing involves extracting structured data from unstructured log files generated by software applications, servers, or systems. By parsing and analyzing log files, engineers can gain insights into system behavior, identify issues, and monitor performance.

## Problem Statement
Given a log file containing entries in a specific format, implement a program or script to parse the log file and extract relevant information such as timestamps, error messages, status codes, or other data points of interest.

## Solution Approach
The solution to the Log Parsing problem typically involves using regular expressions, string manipulation, or specialized parsing libraries to extract information from log entries based on predefined patterns or formats. By defining parsing rules and processing each log entry, we can extract the desired information effectively.

## Usage
To use the Log Parsing solution provided in this repository:
1. Clone this repository to your local machine:
	git clone https://github.com/tris-raki/alx-interview.git
2. Navigate to the `0x03-log_parsing` directory:
	cd alx-interview/0x03-log_parsing
3. Run the log parsing script:
	python log_parser.py <log_file_path>
Replace `<log_file_path>` with the path to the log file you want to parse.

## Contributing
Contributions to this repository are welcome! If you have any improvements, suggestions, or bug fixes, feel free to open an issue or create a pull request. Let's collaborate to make this resource even more useful for log parsing tasks.

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

Explore the Log Parsing problem, enhance your parsing skills, and streamline your log analysis workflows! If you find this repository helpful, don't hesitate to ⭐️ star it!
